(Episode 28)
I knew it.
- Hello. - Hello.
- I didn't know you came over. - We did.
What is it, Dad? I thought you were going out. You didn't leave yet?
I'm on my way out.
Mom's surgery is tomorrow. Come home early, and don't drink.
I got it.
Then have fun.
- We will. Bye. - Okay.
One ticket to Hadong, please.
When would you like to depart?
The fastest one will do.
(75-16 Seochang-myun, Hadong-gun, Gyeongsang Province)
Jin Jin, you are in a bad mood after meeting your older sister.
Gosh, I'm tired.
This feels nice.
But consider her lucky.
I rolled her in a blanket, you guys came over to hang out,
and brought her snacks to make her feel better.
I do feel better.
Is your older sister still scary?
No, she's not.
Hey, even though you'd argue with your sister,
you'd copy her. You liked Anthony and books that your sister liked.
You even wore her clothes too.
Your sister was your role model.
She's right. You like cosmos because of your sister.
She liked everything that I liked.
No, you liked everything she liked.
Are you waiting for the right timing by wasting your time?
It was too short of my time to waste.
Do you truly enjoy fishing?
Yes.
You're neither Socrates nor Plato.
Stop thinking.
I should, right?
I like the silence.
Don't you think I might've gotten into the wrong profession?
Why are we talking about your job now?
Jeong Eun.
Yes?
Let's stop here.
I'm saying that we should part ways.
I think...
this is where my acting career ends.
Given your competency,
you could do so well as a great actor's manager.
Print a set of decent business cards,
and work behind a big desk while sitting on a big chair.
You wouldn't have to...
drive me all over the place.
I have no desire, ambition,
or ability.
I think it's right that...
we part ways.
You idiot.
You should scream at me.
"Why can't you get me any meaty roles?"
"Why are you embarrassing me?"
You should take your anger out on me.
That's what others do.
Whether they're famous or not, they blame their managers.
That's what I'm here for.
I don't want you to suffer anymore.
I'm tired.
You'll really regret this.
We survived all the rocky and muddy roads.
There will be an end to this one too. Okay?
Forget about those roads.
Find a paved one.
Gosh, you're so stubborn.
Fine, let's quit.
- Sorry. - After just one more drama.
It's our retirement fund.
Consider it a retirement fund for working for 20 years.
Think about it just once more.
Daughter.
Next time, let's eat it while it's still hot.
(Moisturizing cream)
(Cream, oil, essence, toner, eye cream)
My sweet child.
She's all grown up.
All grown up.
She should've grown up slowly.
She should've taken her time.
Isn't this from yesterday?
I'm out of soup ingredients.
Why are you always out of everything?
There's no stew and nothing to sink my teeth into.
All I have is a small bowl of soup.
- I can't eat with this. - I'm leaving.
Wait.
- Take these lunches I packed. - Forget it.
I packed all the food I cooked instead of giving your dad some.
Give one to your teacher.
He's a senior lawyer.
I don't know better.
Don't pack our lunches. We can eat out.
(Hospital)
Mom.
Min Ho, I'm not going in to die.
My baby. I won't be long.
- See you later. - See you.
See you soon.
Mom.
(Operation Room)
Are you a kid?
Stop crying.
(Kim Mi Kyung, Aged 64, In surgery)
(Operation Room)
You're still a baby.
Goodness, stop crying, okay?
I prayed from the top of the sky...
for your mom's surgery to go well.
Don't worry, everything will be fine.
My prayers always work.
Sa Jin Jin, be courageous.
The surgery will go smoothly.
Jin Jin, I'll come over later.
Be strong.
Dad.
Look at me if you feel worried.
Okay.
Don't wait.
I'm not waiting for anyone.
Shall I make cup noodles?
We can't do that when we have such a feast.
It looks so good.
Just a moment.
Lawyer Kang Kyung Seok's office.
The police just arrested the real estate conman.
I have to go to the police station.
You weren't able to eat.
I'll eat when I get back. Enjoy the food.
Thank you.
The surgery went well.
She might feel some pain today, so I prescribed painkillers.
I operated on her right eye,
but overusing her left eye could cause strain,
so we covered both eyes up.
I know it'll be uncomfortable, but try to get by for a week.
Okay.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Jin Jin, I'm a huge fan.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
The three of you thanked him in unison.
Mom.
Do you really not see me?
- How can I not see you? - You see me?
I see both of you.
I gave birth to you.
How could I not see you even with my eyes covered?
- Do you see me too? - Of course. I see all of you.
I can even see you getting into trouble.
You don't see a thing. You're so wrong.
You're lying.
Why are you acting like a child when I'm the one in bed?
- I don't know. - Dad.
Dad.
What are you looking at? Look at me, okay?
I was going to sleep here with Mom.
Stop giving her a headache.
You're too noisy. Let's let her rest.
- Mom, can I really go? - Yes, go.
- Why? - I prefer having a daughter.
She's useless. She can't do anything.
I have a bad feeling about this.
- I'll call. - Bye.
Bye.
Mom, open wide.
Here, have some rice.
- Is it not too hot? - No.
Ji Won's mom, Dad's sister in Gyeongju,
your sister in Pyeongtaek, and the rest is all Dad.
Is there anything else from an unknown number?
- No. - Any text messages?
The supermarket's having a 30-percent sale.
"Seafood, fruit and vegetables, and dairy an extra 20 percent off."
They only have this sale once a month, and I'm missing it.
Shall I go?
Will you?
It's so cold. I'm freezing.
"Suwon Courthouse"?
Gone to Suwon Courthouse.
Thank you.
Thank you for the food.
I'm starving.
It's so salty.
It's way too salty.
You just started?
Ever since my mom became menopausal,
she's had a hard time seasoning food properly.
I think today was one of her bad days.
I enjoyed the food.
Really? It wasn't too salty?
I don't know much about taste.
I eat what I'm given.
That's great.
- Send the client the paperwork. - Okay.
Do you have the data on the childcare expense case?
Yes.
Mom, I'll go to the convenience store.
To get wet wipes and a toothbrush.
- Do you need anything? - No.
Can you go on your own?
Can you manage on your own?
I'll just sit still.
Take care.
- See you in a bit. - Okay.
I won't be long.
Isn't that Sa Jin Jin? It is.
Why is she here?
- That's 8 dollars and 40 cents. - Okay.
Sorry, I forgot my wallet. I'll come right back.
Okay.
Jin Jin, can you get me a glass of water?
[VIU Ver] E28 20th Century Boy & Girl "Let's Stop Here"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Ho Sung.
My Ho Sung's here.
Answer me, Ho Sung.
Mom.
Ho Sung.
Did you eat?
Are you hungry?
I can't cook for you because of the state I'm in.
You poor thing.
I'm fine. My surgery went well.
Don't worry about me.
Oh dear.
My sweet child.
I wish I could see you.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
You should've brought the co-pilot with you.
I wanted to surprise him.
He'd get bored if he saw me now.
Men can't be bothered.
That's true.
You're beautiful.
I feel so embarrassed.
How do I look?
Do you see my bump?
Is it too tight?
I feel so embarrassed.
- What's wrong? - What?
It's nothing.
It's not nothing.
You look like you want to poop.
Don't say that. Don't talk about poo.
The spicy octopus must be writhing inside you.
Stop the car.
- I'm fine. - Stop the car. Go to a toilet.
No, I'm fine.
- Can you hold it in? - Yes.
What? Yes, yes.
No, yes, maybe.
It's not critical yet, is it?
Reum.
I think I'm about to die.
What are you going to do?
Stop the car, and run into a bush.
No, no, no, I...
I... I can... I can only poop in my bathroom.
Not anywhere else.
- What? - I can only poop in my bathroom.
(Merry Christmas. Keep up the good work. Ah Reum.)
I decided to get married...
when I slightly lost my mind.
Ji Won.
I found Love Cosmos.
- Her name is Sa Ho Sung, yes. - Sa Ho Sung?
Sa Ho Sung.
Try harder next time.
- Ji Won. - What?
It's nothing.
Do you want to see Mi Dal?
Not at all.
What do you mean?
Yes.
"Yes"?
You know, if you ever get bored of being alone...
I feel so refreshed. Why did I wait so long?
You should be careful.
Don't let any water get into your eyes.
Get me the hair dryer.
Where is it?
It pays to live long.
What a luxury this is.
Hello?
Ho Sung.
Ho Sung?
Yes, Mom.
Hello, my daughter.
Did you eat dinner?
Yes, I did.
What about you?
- How are you feeling? - I'm fine. I'm all better now.
I just washed my hair too. What about you?
What did you eat for dinner?
You should've eaten more.
It got cold quickly.
Boil barley tea to keep your body warm.
You always have a cold in winter.
Turn on the heating high.
Okay. Yes.
(My Cosmos, My Eternal Flower)
Ho Sung kept this all along.
Ji Won.
Do you know the very first flower the universe created?
- Cosmos? - Yes.
It's imperfect because it was the first flower to be created,
but it's the most loved one.
That's why she called herself my mom's cosmos.
Jin Jin.
Do you know what the meaning of cosmos is?
Not just any meaning.
The one your sister made.
I love you.
- Here you go. - Thanks.
The meeting is next Monday.
I'll be there for the fitting.
The shoot will begin the week after on Wednesday.
Mi Dal is going to call you personally regarding the outfits.
Her hair is a problem. It needs to be braided and put in a bun.
I already scheduled a meeting with hairstylists.
But Jin Jin,
when they asked you whom you liked more between the eldest son...
of the powerful Minister of Justice and the bodyguard,
- you said it was a secret. - I did.
Who is it? Why is that a secret?
I bet it's not that important.
I gave you a clue. I'm devoted.
Since the eldest son might be involved with a maid...
I like the bodyguard more.
Is that so?
Hold on. It's about time the bodyguard showed up.
What?
- The bodyguard is coming. - He's coming here?
Yes.
Who is it?
We should keep an eye on EW's new products.
Please send a brief review...
of the cosmetics markets' current files on stockholders.
Yes, thank you.
This is Gong Ji Won speaking.
- Hello? - It's me.
This is Bella.
I'm in Korea.
Let's meet.
Here he comes.
Hi. We look forward to working with you.
All right. He's the new addition to our building and the bodyguard.
Say hello.